New B2Api parameters: save_to_buffer_size, check_download_hash (#313)
Backblaze/b2-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

* Add parameters to set the min/max part size for large file upload/copy methods
* Add CopySourceTooBig exception
* Add an option to set a custom file version class to FileVersionFactory

> * Add parameter for B2Api to turn off hash checking for downloaded files
> * Add parameter for B2Api to set write buffer size for DownloadedFile.save_to method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add an option for B2Api to turn off hash checking for downloaded files
* Add an option for B2Api to set write buffer size for DownloadedFile.save_to method
```
